Add table jira_issue_comment Closes #89 (#103)
turbot/steampipe-plugin-jira: docs/tables/jira_issue_comment.md

# Table: jira_issue_comment

Comments in Jira are an integral part of issue management, ensuring transparent and effective communication among team members and stakeholders, which is essential for successful project completion and issue resolution.

## Examples

### Basic info

```sql
select
  id,
  self,
  issue_id,
  author
from
  jira_issue_comment;
```

> ### List comments that are hide in Service Desk

Reviewer: ```suggestion
### List comments that are hidden in Service Desk
```

```sql
select
  id,
  self,
  issue_id,
  body,
  created,
  jsd_public
from
  jira_issue_comment
where
  jsd_public;
```

> ### List most recent comment in last 5 days of issues

Reviewer: ```suggestion
### List comments posted in the last 5 days for a particular issues
```

```sql
select
  id,
  issue_id,
  body,
  created
from
  jira_issue_comment
where

>   created >= now() - interval '5' day;

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  created >= now() - interval '5' day
  and issue_id = '10021';
```

```

> ### List comments that updated in lsdt 2 hours

Reviewer: ```suggestion
### List comments that were updated in last 2 hours
```

```sql
select
  id,
  issue_id,
  body,
  created,
  updated
from
  jira_issue_comment
where
  updated >= now() - interval '2' hour;
```

> ### Get author information of comments

Reviewer: ```suggestion
### Get author information of a particular issue comment
```

```sql
select
  id,
  issue_id,
  author ->> 'accountId' as author_account_id,
  author ->> 'accountType' as author_account_type,
  author ->> 'displayName' as author_name,
  author ->> 'emailAddress' as author_email_address,
  author ->> 'timeZone' as author_time_zone
from

>   jira_issue_comment;

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  jira_issue_comment
where
  id = '10015';
```
